h1. Google Book Downloader
  
Well, Google is great company I should always show my respects. I create gbook-downloader 
project is not going to make some offenses to the company. I am a very curious guy, and want to 
find the answer for the question: If one book is composed with 500 pages and only 20 random pages 
is public to individual, how many proxies/requests should send in order to get one completed book?

*WARNING*: The project is setup with anti-business purpose, you are warned *NOT* to adopt this opensource
software for *ANY* commercial usage.
  
h2. Design

<pre>
  ProxyProviderA --+                                                      +---> images
  ProxyProviderB --|                url              page          output | 
  ...            --|--> ProxyManager -> PageCollector -> BookWeaver ------|---> pdf 
  ...            --| ^                                                    |
  ProxyProviderZ --+ |                                                    +---> html
                     |
                 test proxy
</pre>

* ProxyProvider is the public proxy provider on Internet, it provides a list of public proxies. Some are accessed to you while others are not, so the proxy instance should be test
* ProxyManager invokes ProxyProvider one by one, and states the common proxy tests. If the proxy instance passes the tests, it should be cached, meanwhile, PageCollector adopts the proxy instance candidate.
* PageCollector takes preview-book-url as input, and try to find as many pages as it can. When the new page is found, it should download to local disk. The result of PageCollector is page array with page name, order and local path.
* BookWeaver takes the local page collection as input and merges it into one PDF document or HTML document.

<pre>
    while((downloaded_page_count < total_page_count) || (proxy_instance_candidate_pool.size > 0)) do
      proxy_instance = proxy_instance_candidate_pool.select
      if(proxy_manager.test(proxy_instance))
        page_collector.adopt(proxy_instance).collect
      end
    end

    report.summary
    html_book_weaver.weave(output_dir)
</pre>  
  
h2. Samples

I take the book "Sometimes It's Turkey. Sometimes It's Feathers":http://books.google.com/books?id=Tmy8LAaVka8C as sample which is composed with 32 pages. 

* "Part Edition":http://jacktang.github.com/gbd/sample/mini/Sometimes_It_s_Turkey__Sometimes_It_s_Feathers/index.html
* Full Edition (to hack)

h2. Usage

Below is the guide for installling GoogleBookDownloader and how to use it.

* Install
<pre>
  sudo gem install gbook-downloader
</pre>

* Usage
<pre>
  # update/setup proxy database
  gbook-proxy updatedb

  # download google book
  gbook-downloader book-url -d book-output-dir
  sample: 
  gbook-downloader http://books.google.com/books?id=Tmy8LAaVka8C -d ~/gbooks
</pre>                                   
